hey guys on all of you Sofia read the
table and says klitschko vs. clinical
but don't get too excited of both st.
they fight each other everything about
it's just the just about fun I wanted
wanted to know a who use guys who do you
think with when Fe it to death step in
the ring that it I'm lately is ever
gonna happen would you step in their
anger your brother and it's all one get
an inspiron birthing but would you
wouldn't join canna it'll knock him out
and do I don't think I could aim let's
talk about the two fighters Padma it's
got a record of 53 with three defeats in
47 knockouts Vitaly they up to eight and
two with 37 locos so Vlad Ahmad has got
much more kind of face under his bill he
is 33 so you see the age advantage and
his older brother as their ta however
does that sibling rivalry thing I think
if a mental thing will vlog a Vladimir
with the mental thing where your big
brother is better than you so I think
that maybe I can a mental thing
everybody face each other and knowing
him
vitali gives away and and and reach but
against that and hey he's an inch taller
than his younger brother at 67 and they
flood the most sex sex it is vitally has
got an eight-inch reach and allow the
mother's gonna hit a one-inch reach so i
think the the biggest margin for the
both of them as the the Rome's boxed a
vitally is boxed 174 rooms and Vlad amar
has boxed 252 rooms another significant
thing as the knockout percentage
volodymyr as the eighth if work %
knockout ratio and Vitaly has got a 92.5
knockout ratio which is the highest
knockout ratio and the heavyweight
division yesterday so he holds a record
and so I think the sphere focus to
happen if it fell any arena I know these
two guys are like gods and Germany and
David people to further like German
Olympic Stadium and we've got huge they
are up spoke before about a the most
anticipated think I don't know if i
doing that and if this famous they come
off I think that should be there should
be one of the most anticipated face and
I would be up there rackin up maybe they
cannot enter s to be shown and make
Tyson face because you get two brothers
and they're angry each other both were
champions so it's not just us hardcore
fans of interest in the CMS fight
everybody we've been present seen as
very anybody they hailed about ur we
weren't this year so let me know we use
thank guys with regards to number one do
you think this fate will ever happen and
I see that because they hunted last
night during the a gym the Fate last
name is Vitaly and Chris Arreola that a
they were drawn out anymore with the web
before but I just think that speculation
and number two if it does happen who
would you take but brother would you
take a brother would you take if the
both of them but they face each other i
think i would go with Vitaly also I
think abou Zeid lasting Israel's a
common understanding a volodymyr as
there are most athletic of the two and
we know Vitaly sad cannot engineer
chronic Angela problems before but I'm i
think that vitalis get that reputation
has been the harbor of the two and I've
seen Vitale and face with his heart to
dig deep so you know that it can take a
punch is well integrated hitch and she's
gonna think so guys who have you got let
me know who you think with when and why
and do you think is going to happen this
is the books in the story insane enough